welcome to the movieclips trailers
channel we're movie freaks movie psychos
movie maniacs we know movies and because
we're fans ourselves we know that when
you're trying to find the hot new
trailer release YouTube can be a little
chaotic we're here to save the day we
give you the best most up-to-date movie
content with over 5 million subscribers
we are YouTube's biggest movie trailer
trailer we receive over 23 million views
per week one day eight point five years
of content is watched on this channel we
are the one stop shop you've been
looking for so stop searching for
trailers and start watching them click
Subscribe if the hottest new trailers
delivered directly to you
you